Update changelog for v0.16.0 release (#1337)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android: CHANGELOG.md

the October 2025 release would be our first release candidate, but this effort is temporarily
paused.__

We are still soliciting feedback from users as we approach a 1.0.0 milestone and
mark the `android-agent` and `OpenTelemetryRumInitializer` api stable. Please see
[#1257](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android/issues/1257)
to join the discussion.

The full list of commits included in this release
[may be viewed here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android/compare/release/v0.15.x...release/v0.16.x).

### ⚠️⚠️ Breaking changes
- Removing OTelRumConfig from initializer
  ([#1272](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android/pull/1272))
- `SessionStorage` and `SessionIdGenerator` are now internal interfaces.
  ([#1278](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-android/pull/1278))

### 📣 Migration notes
- The agent initializer now uses a typesafe DSL for configuration parameters.
  Existing users of the initialization API may need to made some modifications,
  but we think this is a nice extensible pattern for the initializer. 
- Unstable APIs now leverage a new `@Incubating` annotation, which leverages the 

>   kotlin  the kotlin add Incubating annotation to unstable APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unstable APIs now leverage a new `@Incubating` annotation, which leverages the 
  kotlin compiler to emit warnings about use of unstable APIs
```
